Hey, David, what's up?
Where are you? We need to pay rent.
I have too money left. I'm gonna have to borrow your work.
Don't worry. I have money. I'll transfer it to you later.
What's up?
Nothing. My roommate just needed help with fun.
You live with someone.
You could stay at my other place.
You didn't come in handy because you lived close by and you got in work.
No. No, no, it's okay. I ate.
My roommate and I, we've been friends for years.
We take care of each other. Mr. Green looks cold, but it turns out quite warm inside.
Well, well, Brian, this woman dares to decline your offer. She's the first one to do so.
I believe you shouldn't have married any other woman except our mate.
Sadly, you've lost your sense of pheromones or we'll find our mates soon.
Even if it might need you to touch every American woman's hand.
Mr. Green, are you mad at me?
Whatever.
Thank you. Oh, sir. You're a good person.
Sir, I've got something for the investigation.
I found clues about your mate. Her name is Elizabeth. She's right here in Manhattan.